{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl480 \slmult1 \sa0 Beauvois, M. W. (2007). Quantifying Aesthetic Preference And Perceived Complexity For Fractal Melodies. {\i{}Music Perception}, {\i{}24}(3), 247\uc0\u8211{}264. https://doi.org/10.1525/mp.2007.24.3.247\
Bies, A. J., Blanc-Goldhammer, D. R., Boydston, C. R., Taylor, R. P., & Sereno, M. E. (2016). Aesthetic Responses to Exact Fractals Driven by Physical Complexity. {\i{}Frontiers in Human Neuroscience}, {\i{}10}. https://doi.org/10.3389/fnhum.2016.00210\
Cheung, K. C., & Wells, N. M. (n.d.). {\i{}The Natural Environment & Human Well-Being: Insights from Fractal Composition Analysis?} 7.\
{\i{}Fractal Geometry: What is it, and What Does it do? [And Discussion]}. (2020). 16.\
{\i{}Fractal-Fluency-Chapter-1mjdxj5.pdf}. (n.d.).\
H\uc0\u228{}gerh\uc0\u228{}ll, C. M., Laike, T., K\uc0\u252{}ller, M., Marcheschi, E., Boydston, C., & Taylor, R. P. (n.d.). {\i{}Human Physiological Benefits of Viewing Nature: EEG Responses to Exact and Statistical Fractal Patterns}. 12.\
Hagerhall, C. M., Purcell, T., & Taylor, R. (2004). Fractal dimension of landscape silhouette outlines as a predictor of landscape preference. {\i{}Journal of Environmental Psychology}, 9.\
Hard, B. M., Meyer, M., & Baldwin, D. (2019). Attention reorganizes as structure is detected in dynamic action. {\i{}Memory & Cognition}, {\i{}47}(1), 17\uc0\u8211{}32. https://doi.org/10.3758/s13421-018-0847-z\
Kosie, J. E., & Baldwin, D. (2019). Attentional profiles linked to event segmentation are robust to missing information. {\i{}Cognitive Research: Principles and Implications}, {\i{}4}(1), 8. https://doi.org/10.1186/s41235-019-0157-4\
Losa, G. A. (n.d.). {\i{}The Fractal Geometry of Life}. 31.\
Mandelbrot;, B. B. (1998). Is Nature Fractal? {\i{}Science}, {\i{}279}(5352), 783c\uc0\u8211{}7783. https://doi.org/10.1126/science.279.5352.783c\
{\i{}Paszto_et_al_2011_DATESO.pdf}. (n.d.).\
Robles, K. E., Liaw, N. A., Taylor, R. P., Baldwin, D. A., & Sereno, M. E. (2020). A shared fractal aesthetic across development. {\i{}Humanities and Social Sciences Communications}, {\i{}7}(1), 158. https://doi.org/10.1057/s41599-020-00648-y\
Spehar, B., Clifford, C. W. G., Newell, B. R., & Taylor, R. P. (2003). {\i{}Universal aesthetic of fractals}. 8.\
Street, N., Forsythe, A. M., Reilly, R., Taylor, R., & Helmy, M. S. (2016). A Complex Story: Universal Preference vs. Individual Differences Shaping Aesthetic Response to Fractals Patterns. {\i{}Frontiers in Human Neuroscience}, {\i{}10}. https://doi.org/10.3389/fnhum.2016.00213\
Taylor, R. P. (2006). Reduction of Physiological Stress Using Fractal Art and Architecture. {\i{}Leonardo}, {\i{}39}(3), 245\uc0\u8211{}251. https://doi.org/10.1162/leon.2006.39.3.245\
Taylor, R. P., Spehar, B., Wise, J. A., Clifford, C. W. G., Newell, B. R., & Hagerhall, C. M. (n.d.). {\i{}Perceptual and Physiological Responses to the Visual Complexity of Fractal Patterns}. 26.\
Theiler, J. (1990). Estimating fractal dimension. {\i{}Journal of the Optical Society of America A}, {\i{}7}(6), 1055. https://doi.org/10.1364/JOSAA.7.001055\
}